[Bug Fix] Fix `TrotterProduct` to be compatible with resource tracking and error tracking (#5629)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-0.36.0.md

* `qml.equal` can now be used with sums and products that contain operators on no wires like `I` and `GlobalPhase`.
  [(#5562)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/5562)

> * Fixed `qml.TrotterProduct` to be compatible with resource tracking by inheirting from `ResourcesOperation`.
>   [(#5629)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/5629)

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixed `qml.TrotterProduct` to be compatible with resource tracking by inheriting from `ResourcesOperation`. Updated the names for the `method` kwarg of the `error` method from "one-norm" and "commutator" to "one-norm-bound" and "commutator-bound".
  [(#5629)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/5629)
```
